Aargh, this is bad!
I've gotta score some more life
points before I reach a field
or I'm toast!
Come on,
keep it together, Yuma!
Unfortunately...
I do not see any traps
or spell cards
that will allow you
to regain life points.
Then I've gotta
battle someone.
Whoa, whoa!
I said
keep it together!
What do you think I'm trying
to do, Tori?
♪ If life is a game they say
I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings ♪
♪ Take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave all
my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
I don't know what your goal in
this tournament is, Vetrix,
but there's no way
I'm letting you duel Kite.
Aww...
Why do you care so much about
what happens to him?
Because I care about him.
That's why.
Well, isn't that precious?
(Mr. Heartland)
Looks like we've got a face
off in the jungle field!
It's Dextra,
a former member of
our own tournament organizing
committee,
and the mysterious young
duelist known as Vetrix!
Remember, each field
in the Dragon's Den
has a unique active
field spell.
Let's find out what
the jungle field has--
Huh?
What happened
to the video feed?
What is the meaning
of this?
It seems we're having
technical difficulties...
Sincerest apologies.
Someone get on this and fix this
immediately!
(Mr. Heartland)
Not that you'll be able to...
I've made sure that no one will
see this duel...
(both)
Let's duel!
You saved up
8,000 life points?
Looks like someone was
a busy bee!
What are you,
scared of me or something?
I'm not scared at all, Vetrix,
but you should be.
In the jungle field, if you
don't summon or place a monster
facedown during your turn,
you take 1,000 points
of damage.
This jungle
will be your end!
Now let's go!
I draw!
First, I activate the spell
Dance of The Butterspy!
This card grants me the power
to summon both Morpho Butterspy
and Swallowtail Butterspy
directly from my hand!
Now I overlay Morpho Butterspy
and Swallowtail Butterspy!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Photon
Papilloperative!
An Xyz already?
And there is a lot more
where that came from...
Three spell cards
to be exact!
I hope you didn't forget how
dangerous this jungle field
can be, Vetrix.
With it in play, if you don't
summon a monster or place one
facedown every turn,
you take damage.
Yeah, you kinda
mentioned that.
But what I
haven't mentioned yet
is that if you don't attack
with your monster,
Butterfly Charm destroys it.
So then I'll always attack!
Be my guest, 'cause the second
spell is Elimigate.
When a monster, other than
Photon Papilloperative,
tries to pass through
this gate to attack,
that monster
is instantly destroyed.
So then there's
nothing I can do!
That's right, Vetrix.
Every path in this jungle leads
to damage and destruction.
This isn't fair!
I'm not done.
Huh?
I've still got one more spell
on my field to play--
Butterfly Swarm!
I have to pay 2,000 life points
in order to activate it...
But once it's activated,
when a monster on the field
is destroyed,
the player controlling that
monster gets slammed for
1,500 points of damage.
So if I don't summon
a monster on my turn,
I'll take some
serious damage.
But if I do summon a monster
on my turn,
that monster gets destroyed
and I still take damage...
With the power of this combo,
you'll be swallowed up by
the jungle in three turns.
(Dextra)
I promised I would
protect you, Kite,
and that's just
what I'm going to do.
(Dextra)
Kite...
I will protect you... as I swore
I would so many years ago...
(Mr. Heartland)
Stay strong,
young duelists!
I know you're battling pain
and fatigue.
But remember, if you can
survive these exercises,
you will become part of the
select group of elite duelists
who will lead the next
generation!
I activate a trap!
I draw!
Uh, sir, that's--
Quiet!
But the aggression settings
have never been tested at this
intensity, if--
I said quiet!
It seems our Dueling Bot
has lost all control!
You're not walking
out of that test chamber
unless one of you
wins the duel!
... Dextra!
No!
I got this!
Kite...
I draw!
I summon Daybreaker!
Go, Daybreaker!
Put an end
to this now!
Excellent dueling, Kite!
We'll definitely be keeping
an eye on you.
The rest of you take note.
That is what a duelist
looks like.
Now back to your dorms.
You were lucky this time that
I was around to save your neck,
but I won't be
around forever.
Never forget that the only
person you can count on
is yourself.
(Dextra)
It's Kite...
And I think I heard
someone say that kid
is Kite's little brother.
Hart, look.
A butterfly came here
to see you.
The other kids say there's
something... different...
with that kid...
And that everything Kite does,
he does for Hart...
Seems lonely.
I mean, if he's busy
looking out for Hart,
who's looking out for Kite?
Just as Kite protects
his little brother,
I swore that I would
protect Kite.
This is something
I do alone.
For him.
So you've got it in for me
'cause of a schoolgirl crush?
Dextra, that is the lamest thing
I've ever heard in my life!
Where are we?
A jungle...
Interesting...
Dextra!
She's dueling Vetrix...
This I gotta see!
Dextra...
(Vetrix)
Hey!
Yuma!
Look at how much
my life stinks!
I've been caught in
a deadly combo
from which
there's no escape!
A combo?
Is he talking about the spell
cards on Dextra's field?
That is correct.
You see,
Dextra has caught Vetrix
in an extremely
powerful combo
that not only
destroys all his monsters,
but also deals damage
to him every turn.
Pretty solid strategy.
But there is a way
to escape it.
Of course there is!
My turn, I draw!
(Vetrix)
Because of the jungle field,
I have to summon a monster.
But if I summon it in attack
mode, her combo activates.
So, in that case...
I summon a monster facedown
in defense mode!
Then I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
Phew!
Lucky I was able to tiptoe
around your scary combo
this turn!
That was pretty clever...
But I've got news for you.
It's gonna take a lot more
than clever to beat me.
It's my turn!
I draw!
First, I pay 2,000 life points
to keep Butterfly Swarm
on my field!
Next, I activate
Papilloperative's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
one monster is forced to
switch to attack mode!
Then that monster loses
600 attack points.
Now Heraldic Beast Aberconway
is in attack mode.
Photon Papilloperative,
attack Vetrix' monster
with Vivid Swarm!
And now, Butterfly Swarm
descends on you
for 1,500 points
of damage!
Your tournament will
end here, in this jungle!
Wow, that was awesome,
Dextra!
I place a monster
facedown in defense mode.
Your move.
Keep talking, Dextra...
Keep on thinking
you're winning...
I will not allow you
to harm Kite.
This isn't just
some schoolgirl crush.
You seem like you're willing to
sacrifice everything for him.
He's really got a special place
in your heart, doesn't he?
Wait, what?
What'd I miss?
Someone's
in someone's heart?
Yuma, you're
so thickheaded.
You're right...
I would sacrifice
everything for him.
But that doesn't matter
right now
'cause you can't
escape my combo...
We'll see about that...
I draw.
I summon Heraldic Beast
Berners Falcon.
Guess you've
accepted your fate.
Since you summoned a monster
in attack mode,
the butterfly
charm spell activates!
Due to the power
of this card,
Heraldic Beast Berners Falcon
is forced to attack!
Next, Elimigate's effect
activates!
Your monster is
automatically destroyed!
And now, because of
Butterfly Swarm,
you take another
1,500 points of damage.
That was amazing!
Looks like Dextra really might
be able to take down Vetrix.
I did it.
Just one more turn
and Kite will be safe.
That's--
That's a good one!
"Kite will be safe"!
You're probably clinging to all
these dumb little memories of
your precious Kite,
aren't you?
I look forward
to seeing them.
Here I go!
I activate the Advanced
Heraldry Art spell card!
This allows me to use Heraldic
Beasts in my graveyard
to Xyz Summon!
So glad you put 'em there!
You can Xyz Summon with monsters
in your graveyard?
I overlay Aberconway
and Berners Falcon!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number 8:
Heraldic King
Genom Heritage!
Someone's tournament will end
here, but it won't be mine...
Welcome to the beginning
of the end!
Look at that!
Vetrix possesses
a Number!
Well, now that I have
that out on my field...
I end my turn.
You think I'm scared
of a Number Card?
Better think again.
I draw!
This is gonna end now.
Vetrix!
I activate Photon
Papilloperative's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it forces your monster
into attack mode,
and that monster loses
600 attack points.
Mystifying Menace!
And now
Photon Papilloperative,
attack Heraldic Beast
Genom Heritage!
You're finished!
Go Vivid Swarm!
(Yuma)
All right!
If this attack succeeds,
it's lights out for Vetrix!
Not so fast, little hero!
By using
one Overlay Unit,
I can choose one of
Genom Heritage's
three special abilities!
And the one I choose lets me
steal your monster's name.
(Dextra)
What is this?
My monster has
a new identity.
What do you think?
From now on,
my Genom Heritage
shall be known as Photon
Papilloperative.
And your little butterfly
loses its name completely...
... Which means it's no longer
a Papilloperative.
And you know
what that means.
This can't be happening.
Now isn't this the part where
your Elimigate activates?
Yes, it is!
Since your Photon
Papilloperative is now nameless,
it can't attack...
And even better,
it's destroyed!
No!
He's broken up my combo!
And now, 'cause of your own
Butterfly Swarm spell,
you take 1,500
points of damage!
How...
How could I have allowed him
to get through my defenses?
Oh, wait!
I almost forgot...
Your memories.
I'm going to take them&
... All of them!
Just like I took Hart's!
Oh, no...
Without her memories...
Dextra,
you can't give up!
Remember why you're
fighting!
You're fighting for Kite!
Kite...
Yes, I remember...
I have to keep fighting!
I summon
Moonlit Papillon!
And for my next move,
I'm flipping over my facedown
card, Blue Mountain Butterspy!
And now, I overlay
Blue Mountain Butterspy
and Moonlit Papillon!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon
Photon Alexandra Queen!
All right!
She's not giving up!
Photon Alexandra Queen uses
all of its Overlay Units
to return every monster on
the field back to our hands!
And for every monster
that we get back,
we take 500
points of damage!
What?
She is hoping to tie.
(Dextra)
Go Butterfly Breakdown!
This will finish us both,
but surviving this duel
doesn't matter to me!
The only thing that I care
about is stopping you!
Well, that's too bad,
Dextra,
because I'm afraid there's
nothing you can do to stop me!
I activate Heraldry Record!
This trap negates
any special ability
that uses Overlay Units!
No...
No way...
Anything else?
I end...
... my turn.
Dextra!
You can't give up!
I'm sorry, Kite...
I ...
I failed you...
That's right,
you failed him.
Poor little you...
It's over.
You've lost.
It's my turn!
I draw!
Time for you
to go to sleep.
Night, night.
Photon Papilloperative
will sing you a lullaby
and attack Photon
Alexandra Queen!
No!
Vivid Swarm!
And now, thanks to
Butterfly Swarm's effect...
this duel is mine.
Kite...
Don't forget me...
Vetrix!
You're next, Yuma...
Get ready.
Hey!
Dextra!
I was just thinking
about someone...
But who?
Suddenly,
I can't remember...
Oh no!
Her memories have been taken.
Vetrix...
You're gonna pay for this!